Proprietary Software License

All rights reserved.

The software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), are the
exclusive property of Lennart Rolland ("The Author") and are protected by
copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other
intellectual property laws and treaties.

No part of the Software may be used, copied, modified, merged, published,
distributed, sublicensed, and/or sold without the express written permission
of The Author.

Dispute Resolution and Arbitration

Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement,
or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by
Norwegian Arbitration and Dispute Resolution Institute (NADRI) in accordance 
with its Arbitration Rules. The place of arbitration shall be Bergen, Norway, 
or another location selected by the Author at the Author's sole discretion. The
arbitration shall be conducted in the English language. The decision of the 
arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties and may be entered as a 
judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Author reserves the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in 
any court of competent jurisdiction to protect the Author's intellectual 
property rights.

The parties hereby waive any objections to jurisdiction or venue and any right
to a trial by jury. The prevailing party in any arbitration or legal action 
arising out of this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its attorneys' fees 
and costs.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
